# Chess
A program/server to connect players remotely to play a game of chess

Requirement Doc (Rough)


Requirement Definitions:

  1. Start screen should display a start button, about button and a field for user name. The about button display the version number and build of the current application.
    1.1. On "about" button down, opens a form window to display information about the application.
      1.1.1. Display Title.
      1.1.2. Display description of product.
      1.1.3. Display version number
      1.1.4. Display copyright label
      1.1.5. Display authors
      1.1.6. Display release date including canidate.
    1.2. On "start" button down, change to a connection window.
      1.2.1. If the server is online the player will be connected to server to be matched with another player.
      1.2.2. If the server is offline a window will be created to display "Connection cannot be established".
        1.2.2.1. An "Cancel" button implemented to take the user back to the start window.
        1.2.2.2. A "Reconnect" button implemented to try and reconnect to the server.
          1.2.2.2.1. If a connection is not established goto 1.2.2 specification.
          1.2.2.2.2. If a connection is established goto 1.2.1 specification.
    1.3. The field username contains the display name of the current player.
      1.3.1. If the field is empty a display name that is unquie is generated by the server.
      1.3.2. If the field is filled in, send to the server for sanitation. 
  2. Allow for two clients to be connected to play chess while in remote locations.
    2.1. 
  3. The chess game should follow the rules defined by the World Chess Federation.
  4. Chess notation should be logged into a window that is displayed on both players screen.
  5. Be able to talk to the opponent live while a match is in session.
  6. While a game is in session a player could opt to tie or surrender.
  7. A timer for the overall game time should be shown on the screen.
  8. If a player disconnects while game is in session, a player should wait 30 seconds before connection is dropped.
  9. Be able to request a rematch of the opponent player.
  10. At the end of the session a player can watch the analysis (replay) of the last session.
  
  
  


Features:

Splash:
  - Connect to a player of choice 
  - Connect to a player at random
  - Lobby level chat (low priority)
  - A button for player stats
  
Chess:
  - Turn clock on/off for competitive player(s)
  - Player level chat
  - Ones rank and opponents rank
  - Save a previous game
    - This might need a secondary screen to give user option to load previous game or new game.
      - UNLESS Random?
  - Rematch for post game
  - Connection loss



Due date:
1/27/2015   Requirement Document  (Draft)
2/08/2015   Requirement Document  (Baseline)
            Design Documnet       
2/26/2015   Test Case Document
3/10/2015   Final Project Submission
            Project Acceptance Test
          
